Lenore will v's with me today and she's
just got married pregnant oh you got
married before you got married over a
year ago okay so how are you feeling I
feel great good and what do you fight in
what are you feeding your husband these
days
takeout really which is why I'm here to
learn how to make something turkey
meatballs and spaghetti and a nice nice
tomato sauce would that be nice delish
and and you can eat almost anything
right now right uh yeah and a lot of a
lot of it okay and this is one of those
meals that everyone can enjoy kids
adults pregnant women so delicious so on
or starting the sauce and you have about
how much oil in there three tablespoons
three tablespoons of olive oil and four
cloves of garlic right he finally minced
and to that after that's cooked you're
add five cups of crushed red tomatoes
and these are the strain variety because
you don't you don't want any seeds and
in the sauce and we're gonna add dried
oregano about a quarter or half a
teaspoon depends on how much you like
there if you have fresh oregano you
could use that and also a quarter
teaspoon of thyme leaves some pepper
freshly ground black pepper and some
coarse salt now do you use kosher salt
at home I don't think so whatever is in
the little shaker oh really
we're all added to get into the little
shaker did anybody put it there yes Oh
Larrin oh he did okay well you can admit
that larry is and how long did this this
cook on just simmer it away until the
cover on it looks like that oh okay so
yeah you bring it to a simmer and you're
gonna cook it for covered three minutes
well I make the meatball mixture do you
want to grate some cheese sure and you
can just grate it right on to the board
here and we're going to put in the bowl
for the meatballs one large egg we're
gonna make the
sort of egg mixture first and some milk
1/3 of a cup of whole milk and just
whisk this together we have one white
onion that's been peeled and finding
this this is a large white onion you can
add that to the mix and bread crumbs the
bread comes getting nice and soft in the
milk and we have 2/3 of a cup of plain
white bread crumbs and a half a cup of
Parmesan cheese which is a very nice
addition to Turkey which is a bland meat
but it's a low-fat meat and people
really like that you can put that
parmesan that's going to be for the
pasta right in here if you like and we
have wonderful fresh turkey meat and it
is 1 pound of ground turkey you can use
dark meat of Turkey or white meat of
Turkey but this looks like the dark meat
of Turkey
you really have to season Turkey right
oh yeah that's why we're adding fresh
pepper a lot of Parmesan cheese and
could you just dump in the parsley and a
half a cup of finely chopped fresh
flat-leaf parsley and if you don't have
flat leaf you can use curly leaf people
are always asking why do you ask for the
Flatley if I think the flat leaf has a
nicer taste but you know that from
around here right I do right so here I
use didn't exist by hand when I would
help my mother okay
but here I'm gonna give you some put
your hands in the cold water okay now
I'm gonna put this in your hand
now just roll it into a little ball how
do you know how big to make them roll
making it this big oh with this scoop I
have you ever seen already here put them
here okay that's a good idea
that's a good thing right that's a good
thing saying they don't stick to your
hands and they're very light don't you
feel how white they are yeah people say
oh well you work at Martha Stewart you
must know how to cook really well I say
that's not my area
I do crafts and now another nice thing
about these meatballs if you notice we
didn't brown them in oil really didn't
put the breadcrumbs on the outside we
put them on the inside dudes they'll go
right into the pot yeah and then any
time that you use
raw meat you have to always wash your
hands well in hot water and proceed with
the rest of the recipe or you come wash
your hands I think cooking techniques
are a lot of fun to teach you can turn
the water off looks like one already
spends a lot of time in the kitchen I
can very easily distract it I think it's
from okay well I'm dropping these very
gently into that beautifully simmering
sauce can I take this home tonight yes I
know bring the sauce to a simmer and
cook the meatballs for eight to twelve
minutes
ah look how great these look those go in
the spaghetti
mmm-hmm well they can go in or you can
serve them on top and now tell me what
you think
very good thanks the door thank you want
the recipe you don't have a magazine
let's go to the website at Martha
Stewart comm it's there